[improve][doc] Improve the authentication enablement workflow across multiple providers (#18035)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/security-overview.md

- When using [Pulsar protocol](developing-binary-protocol.md) for productions/consumptions, each client passes the authentication data by sending the `CommandConnect` command. Brokers cache the data and periodically check whether the data has expired. If it has expired, brokers send a `CommandAuthChallenge` command to exchange the authentication data with the client. Without the previous authentication challenge returned, brokers disconnect the client.

As soon as the initial connection is authenticated, the "principal" token is stored for authorization though the connection has not been re-authenticated. Brokers periodically check the expiration status of every `ServerCnx` object and learn whether a particular client supports authentication refreshing.
- If a client supports authentication refreshing and the credential is expired, the authentication provider calls the `refreshAuthentication` method to initiate the refreshing process and re-authenticate the connection. By default, the `authenticationRefreshCheckSeconds` is set to 60s. 
- If a client does not support authentication refreshing and the credential is expired, brokers disconnect the client.

:::note

> When using proxies between clients and brokers, you only get proxies authenticated (named **self-authentication**) by default. To forward the authentication data from clients to brokers for client authentication (named **original authentication**), you need to set `forwardAuthorizationCredentials` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using proxies between clients and brokers, you can only get proxies authentication data (named **self-authentication**) by default on the broker. To forward the authentication data from clients to brokers for client authentication (named **original authentication**), you need to set `forwardAuthorizationCredentials` to `true` in the `proxy.conf`, this means the brokers recheck the client authentication. 
```
